gh-53189: Document peculiarities of InteractiveConsole in relation to pickle (#123069)
python/cpython: Doc/library/code.rst

   it defaults to a newly created dictionary with key ``'__name__'`` set to
   ``'__console__'`` and key ``'__doc__'`` set to ``None``.

   Note that functions and classes objects created under an

>    :class:`!InteractiveInterpreter` instance will belong to the namespace

Reviewer: "created under an II instance" seems awkward, but I have not suggestion yet.

Author: It was based on the patch by @mjdorma: https://bugs.python.org/file26917/issue8943.diff.

>    defined by *locals*.
>    They are only pickleable if *locals* defined the namespace of an existing
>    module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   specified by *locals*.
   They are only pickleable if *locals* is the namespace of an existing
   module.
```
If locals is an existing namespace, I would not say it 'defines' the namespace.  I am not sure how this means to pass 'the namespace of an existing module'?  Just pass the import name, as in `import ast; ii = IteractiveInterpreter(ast)`?  If so, I would 'if locals is an existing module'.
